looking for the opportunity to be
scouted for Whitecaps FC programs or
just want to take your game to the next
level if you're a motivated and advanced
player or keeper under 8 to under 15
Whitecaps FC prospects camps are for you
the camps promote skill training match
play and strength and conditioning all
participants will get the chance to
interact with MLS players and work with
various Whitecaps FC head coaching staff
choose from either the prospects day
camps or residential camp prospects day
camps are offered at all seven Whitecaps
FC youth development regional centers
participants are trained according to
the Whitecaps way challenging them to
work on both technical and tactical
sides of their game in Vancouver
training takes place at the Whitecaps
regional training center at SFU and
sessions are led by pre residency head
coach Bart chauffeured girls elite head
coach Jesse Simons and high performance
goalkeeper head coach Regan Hall back by
popular demand Whitecaps FC is also
offering the prospects residential camp
at the National Soccer Development
Center at UBC this overnight camp runs
Friday through Monday and allows players
to eat sleep and breathe soccer
participants will engage in daily
training sessions chalk talks match play
and video analysis they will also
observe a Whitecaps MLS training session
at UBC and attend a match at BC Place
stadium to cheer on the Cavs at the
conclusion of the camp each player will
receive a written assessment and a
personalized camp highlight DVD to
ensure they are able to continue their
development as an elite player
how will you train this summit play like
a pro Whitecaps FC prospects Cannes
you